The GUI can be run by compiling the source and running the RunGUI class.

HowTo:

NOTE: All dates should be entered as ddmm, ddmmyy, ddmmyyyy or dd.mm.yyyy

WARNING: Importing .ics files built by other programs and then saving onto the
same file will incur data loss: this program is far from fully compatible.

WARNING: The program will not ask for confirmation when Saving/Loading/Deleting: 
pressing the Delete button will Delete the specified event immediately and 
loading a new calendar will automatically overwrite your current calendar.

	In the File menu:
		-New allows you to define a new event.
		-Import allows you to import .ics files.
		-Load allows you to load a preexisting .ics file. This will also overwrite
		your current calendar: any unsaved progress will be lost.
		-Save alows you to save your current calendar.
		
	On the menu bar:
		-Previous, Current and Next: these buttons allow you to navigate weeks
		-Go To Date: enter a date and press enter: the week view will show the 
		week containing the date.
		-Month View: Shows a list of all high priority events in the current 
		month, and a summary of durations by category.
		
	On the week view:
		-Events are shown as colored rectangles. The topmost part contains the 
		category of the event and its start and end times.
		-If several events overlap, the sides of the area where they overlap
		will be colored red. 
		-By clicking on the weekview, you can bring up a list of all the events
		that are valid at the point of the click. You can then look at them more
		closely or change them by clicking Edit. Delete will remove the event:
		be warned, the program will not ask for confirmation.
		
	On the left side tool panel:
		-If you are creating a new event, pressing the Apply button will create
		a new event with the specified parameters. If you are editing an event,
		pressing the Edit button will change the event in question and pressing
		the Apply button will create a new event with the specified parameters.
		WARNING: Pressing the Delete button will delete the event, not the 
		occurrence: if the event is repeating, all of its occurrences will also
		be removed.